[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the secrets
they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] Two years have passed
since the War of the Best
in Marineford.
Luffy and his crew reunite to
continue on to the New World.
Their first stop
is Fishman Island.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long before the
Straw Hats get pulled into
the conflict.
Aided by Neptune, Zoro, Usopp,
and Brook attempt to escape
the palace.
However, their efforts were
quickly thwarted by Hordy,
whose strengh
increased dramatically
after taking a drug known
as the Energy Steroid.
Meanwhile, Luffy and the others
arrive at the Sea Forest,
where they meet with Jimbei.
Eleven years ago,
Arlong was locked away
by the Government,
and even knowing what
evils he was capable of...
...I freed him.
[LUFFY]
"The Haunting Ties!
Nami and the Fishman Pirates!"
[ROBIN] There must be a key
to the void in history
here somewhere.
I'm sure of it.
To think that the missing piece
may have been here
for several centuries,
untouched.
If I keep going,
I know I'll find something.
Bingo!
But what about King Neptune?
Don't look back!
The king's giving us a chance
to make it out of here!
[SOLDIER B]
The exit!
[SOLDIER A]
We made it outside!
[SOLDIER B]
Activate the coral!
That didn't go well at all!
Few guards escaped!
King Neptune sacrificed
himself and we have nothing
to show for it!
We failed you!
Oh, quit your whining!
We followed his orders,
plain and simple!
Listen up!
This is by no means a retreat!
We'll save the king,
take back the Ryugu Palace,
and eradicate that pirate
scum in due time!
But first off,
we need to contact
Prince Fukaboshi
and his brothers!
[FISHMEN SOLDIERS]
Yeah!
Find the Princes as soon
as you can, got it?
After that,
we'll start regrouping
and make our way
back to the palace!
[FISHMEN SOLDIERS]
Right!
What town's closest
to where we are now?
Fishverly Hills, sir!
--[FISHMEN yell]
--[FISHMAN A] Look out!
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
in the high-class district
of Fishverly Hills...
[FISHMAN A]
Run away!
[PIRATE A]
Get in a line, now!
[PIRATE B] You'll do it if you
know what's good for ya!
I don't understand.
What do you want from us?
Stomp it.
[FISHMAN B]
What?
It's a test!
[FISHMAN B]
But why?
[IKAROS]
Do as we say!
It won't be long before Hordy
rules this country-hhi.
Now, step on the picture!
But I can't do that.
Yes. You can!
[laughing]
[NARRATOR] At Candy Factory
Town, in the northeast...
Come on, put your foot down!
I can't!
Huh?
I won't do it!
I can't tread on her image!
I beg you to understand.
[PIRATE E]
Shut up!
[DARUMA]
Ka ka!
Those who won't follow
our orders will be branded
as human sympathizers.
Which means...
you'll also be our enemy!
[NARRATOR]
In the southeast,
outside the Fishman
Culture Hall...
[FISHMEN arguing]
[HYOUZOU]
Whoa, calm down!
I'll make it easy for you:
step on the picture, or get
ready to leave the island.
It's your choice.
[FISHMAN C]
That ain't happening!
Come on, guys!
This guy can't be that tough!
[FISHMEN]
Huh?
[FISHMEN yell]
Just step on the picture.
Anyone who doesn't wanna
is gonna get sliced up
real good.
[NARRATOR] At the Marine
Shopping Mall in the east...
Whaddya mean,
"Leave the country"?
This is our home!
We can't leave!
No other place on
the seafloor gets light.
Besides, you're Fishmen too.
What makes you think
humans will accept us?
[ZEO]
See?
You already know how easily
humans will discriminate
against anything that's
different from them.
Hey!
What in the heck is
happening to you, man?
[FISHMAN 539G]
He's being choked!
[ZEO] There's no way
that humans and Fishmen
will ever coexist peacefully.
Your best bet is to accept
the rule of Hordy!
Under his reign, we'll have
the power to change history!
[NARRATOR] At Waterwheel
Town, in the north...
[CROWD yelling]
[DOSUN]
Dosun!
Hey. I think it's your turn.
It'll be easy.
I can't do it!
You still haven't
stepped on it yet?
Then what good are you?
Die!
Hey. Aren't you... Fukaboshi?
What is the meaning this?
Explain yourself!
[DOSUN]
Heh...
You scum. How dare you!
Forcing people to tread
on the image
of my late mother!
[NARRATOR] At Coral Hill,
after the departure of Luffy
and the others...
It's too late!
There's nothing we can do!
You're right.
We let Vander Decken escape,
and before that,
we couldn't stop the Straw Hats
from kidnapping
Princess Shirahoshi!
Didn't the princess say
she'd be back home
in time for dinner?
[FISHMAN 539O]
Fool!
They made her say that so
we wouldn't chase after them!
There's a group from
the Fishman District
that's terrorizing
the entire island!
Seriously?
Well, did they say what's
happening over there?
This is unbelievable.
They said that mermaids
are being reported missing
all over!
Princess Shirahoshi...
They wouldn't sell her
to the Celestial Dragons,
would they?
[FISHWOMAN E screams]
[OLD FISHWOMAN A]
Hey! Awful news.
It looks like another mermaid
girl just went missing!
[FISHWOMAN A]
This can't be happening!
[FISHMAN B]
Form a search party!
[CARIBOU chuckles]
Got another one!
Who knew it would be this easy?
Even so...
I've just gotta get
my hands on that one!
She's the biggest
mermaid I've ever seen!
If a human-sized mermaid
can net me 70 million,
then a mermaid that's
ten times that size
is bound to bring in
an even greater haul!
It's a mermaid mother lode!
[laughs]
Any way you slice it,
I'll make a fortune!
Um, who are you?
[CARIBOU] Why, hello.
Let me introduce myself!
[FISHWOMAN F screams]
[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
They have my father!
Please, Princess. Do not worry.
Hordy may have seized
control of the palace,
but King Neptune
will not give in so easily!
Your father is tougher
than you realize!
Huh? You really think so?
I do. Still...
I will help save
the king, at any cost!
Oh, well...
Thank you, Jimbei!
I'll be counting on you!
Now. Please excuse me.
I have a matter to discuss
with Luffy and his crew.
[SANJI humming]
[SANJI]
Beautiful Ladies!
Please have some tea!
Whatever, just leave it
over there for right now.
Yeah. You've bothered
us enough already.
We're having a serious talk!
You're so sexy when
you're stern with me, Nami!
Sanjichin hasn't
changed one bit!
Mmm, good!
Idiot, that's not for you!
Give it back!
[NAMI]
All right, Jimbei.
Let's settle this.
Tell me. What did you mean?
Earlier, you said you
set Arlong loose
into the East Blue.
[HACHI]
Nyuu!
Jimbei, wait!
It's fine.
[SANJI]
I heard the same thing.
[NAMI]
What?
[SANJI]
Yeah.
A while back.
When Luffy and I first
learned about Jimbei
of the Seven Warlords.
Yosaku told us about the
bargain that Jimbei struck.
He's a warlord.
In exchange for becoming
one of the Seven,
Jimbei let a dangerous Fishman
run wild in the East Blue.
Ah. Is that what he told us?
Surprise, surprise.
You didn't remember.
Wonder how Yosaku's doing now.
Two years ago,
when I read about you
associating with Jimbei
in the newspaper,
I honestly didn't know
what to think about it.
I thought Jimbei
had been the key figure
pulling Arlong's strings
and telling him what to do.
So, Jimbei.
I'll give you a chance
to defend what happened,
but choose your words wisely.
After all, our very
own navigator here
had her entire life ruined
thanks to your buddy Arlong.
To put it simply,
whatever you did
turned her world
into a living hell.
Depending on what
you have to say,
I might not forgive you!
[HACHI groans]
[CAMIE]
Careful, Hatchin!
[CHOPPER]
Don't move too much!
Your wounds could open up again!
But he's right!
We caused her so much grief.
It's horrible, and all the
apologizing in the world
won't change a thing.
[NAMI] I'm gonna guide ships
around all the oceans
of the world.
It'll be great!
And then,
I can make maps of all
the far off places I'll go!
This map's the first step
to realizing your dream.
Is that about right?
Yep!
[BELLEMERE]
Nami. Nojiko.
None of us are actually related.
But that doesn't mean
we're not a family!
[VILLAGER N]
Pirates!
Pirates are coming!
Everybody run!
Greetings and salutations,
you pathetic little humans.
This village is now mine!
No, wait! Yes!
Better yet... I'll take
this whole island!
[FISHMEN yell]
[ARLONG] A hundred thousand
berries for adults
and 50,000 for children.
Those who cannot pay... die!
[ARLONG laughing]
[BELLEMERE]
It's okay.
I have to do this for my family.
Even if it costs me my life.
It's true the three of us
may not be related by blood.
But we're still a family.
All I've ever wanted
to be to those girls
was their mother.
And now... I can be.
Enough chit-chat.
Now get ready to die.
Nojiko! Nami!
Love you.
[gunshot]
[ARLONG laughing]
[HACHI]
What's this?
A map, huh?
[NAMI]
No!
That's my map!
I drew it! You can't have it!
A child drew this?
--Give it back!
--[NOJIKO] Nami, no!
I'm impressed. Good job.
[ARLONG]
She could be useful.
Bring her with us.
[HACHI]
Right!
[NAMI]
No, let go of me! Stop!
Somebody please help me!
[ARLONG PIRATE A] If humans
want to eat, they have to work!
Now be a good girl
and keep drawing maps.
[laughs]
[ARLONG] Gather up 100 million
berries and then bring it to me.
Do so and I will let
your village go.
in addition to giving
you your freedom.
[MAN A]
Get that thief!
She's got our treasure!
Isn't she just a kid?
I don't care!
Shoot her down!
[MAN A]
Crap! Find her!
[MAN B]
Right!
[NAMI]
Seventy million.
Only seventy million
more and we'll be free!
Oh. So, you made
it back after all!
I guess you have
nowhere else to go.
In that case,
welcome back... navigator!
[ARLONG laughing]
I'm sorry.
You had a truly
horrific experience.
[SANJI] That's right!
And she has you to thank!
[NAMI]
I did.
It was a nightmare.
Nothing will ever make
me change the way I feel
about Arlong.
That said...
Until two years ago,
when we made
the trip to Sabaody,
I had no idea that even
the strongest of Fishmen
were routinely
persecuted by humans.
When Camie was kidnapped
and we tried to save her,
I couldn't believe what I saw.
There was Sabaody Park,
right in front of me.
The spitting image of Arlong
Park before it was destroyed.
[HACHI]
We wanted a place all our own.
I'm not saying this to make
you forgive any of us.
But it's true!
Oh, Nami. Arlong...
He really hated humans!
Too much.
[ARLONG]
Heh.
[HACHI]
Yes. We went too far.
But for as long as
I can remember,
we yearned for the world
that the humans lived in.
Above the sea!
Arlong. Me. All of us.
Our jealousy drove us
to hurt people like you.
[grunts]
Wait! Take it easy!
I'll go prep some more medicine.
Please lie down.
[HACHI groans]
I heard...
...my people weren't
considered anything
more than fish way back when.
Then 200 years ago,
the Ryugu Kingdom
became a member country
of the World Government.
They established friendly
relations with humans,
and their king was even
allowed to participate
in the World Summit.
But, despite that, humans still
had hate in their hearts.
[DEN] The beginning of
the Great Pirate Era
was probably the
worst time in my life.
It was hard to be a Fishman.
I vividly remember my fear.
Human pirates running
wild on the island.
Anywhere you went
seemed dangerous.
So much violence.
I'll never forget.
[CROWD yelling]
[DEN] Our only safe place
in the world was taken over
by humans.
Then came that fateful day.
Whitebeard arrived on
the island and saved us.
[PIRATES gasp]
[JIMBEI] He made his
powerful presence felt,
claiming Fishman Island
as his own.
Because of him,
peace returned to our home.
However, humans continued to
be prejudiced towards Fishmen.
All of you saw it firsthand
at the Sabaody Archipelago.
That's the cruel reality.
Naturally, once
someone attains power,
they tend to be
resistant to change.
Even though the Government
theoretically bridged
the gap between
Fishmen and humans,
the worst bigots were the people
in control to begin with.
The ones who should be
leading by example!
Thus, the relationship
between Fishmen
and humans remained the same.
Thankfully, two individuals
rose up on Fishman Island.
Individuals who would
help change the course
of our beleaguered history.
The first...
...was Queen Otohime.
She believed we islanders
could live in harmony
with humans.
She was Princess
Shirahoshi's mother.
Then there was him,
the legendary hero
named Fisher Tiger.
Who freed countless slaves.
That Tiger guy, huh?
Think I've heard
the name before.
To set himself apart
from the humans,
Tiger broke an unspoken rule.
Invading the holy land
of Marie Jois by himself,
and freeing the slaves within.
He would go on
to form the Sun Pirates.
Many of its members were Fishmen
who were formerly
slaves of the Nobles.
Sun Pirates?
Indeed!
You know them as
Arlong, Hachi, and myself.
The three of us were part
of the very first crew
of the Sun Pirates.
But we were known
as Fishman Pirates,
foes of the World Government.
That's all that they saw.
Therefore, we made it
that much more difficult
for Queen Otohime.
Bless her heart.
Our existence prevented
much progress.
Queen Otohime was trying
to navigate great hardships
and improve our future.
At the same time,
Fisher Tiger threw his
future away to save those
of his race who were
suffering as slaves.
No one can say who
was right or wrong.
Nevertheless,
they both fought for a better
future for Fishmen and humans.
Each one is a legend.
And both of their tales
end in tragedy.
[NARRATOR] Queen Otohime tries
to lead the Ryugu Kingdom
into an era of coexistence
between humans and Fishmen.
Meanwhile, a heroic Fisher
Tiger battles humans
to free their slaves
from captivity.
When the tales of these
two historic figures cross,
for better or for worse,
the fate of Fishman Island
will be immeasurably changed.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Hero Who Freed the Slaves!
An Adventurer Tiger!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!